feat(cloud-engine): document the proxy, threshold-signing and cycles funding flow (#363)
dfinity/icskills: skills/cloud-engine-canisters/SKILL.md

- ECDSA / Schnorr: your calling canister's principal is inserted as the **first element of `derivation_path`**.
- vetKD: your principal is prepended to `context`, **length-tagged** — one byte holding the principal's length, then the principal bytes, then your context.
- On the three `*_public_key` methods, `canister_id` is additionally forced to `None`.

The principal comes from `msg_caller()`, so it cannot be forged and one engine canister can never reach another's keys. (Verified: `cargo test -p proxy-canister --lib`, 10/10 — `ecdsa_sign_prepends_caller_and_preserves_the_rest`, `vetkd_prefixes_caller_into_context_length_tagged`, `distinct_callers_get_distinct_derivations`.)

**Fees.** `ecdsa_public_key`, `schnorr_public_key`, and `vetkd_public_key` are **free** — pass `cycles = 0`. The paying methods are charged by the subnet that holds the key, not yours:

| Key name | `sign_with_ecdsa` / `sign_with_schnorr` / `vetkd_derive_key` |
|---|---|
| `key_1` (production) | 26_153_846_153 |
| `test_key_1` (testing) | 10_000_000_000 |

Round up rather than passing the exact figure — the unused remainder is refunded to the proxy.

> **Worked example — ECDSA, Motoko.** Declare the management-canister types yourself; field names and variant tags must match the candid interface exactly, because the proxy decodes and re-encodes the blob and an unmodeled field fails the decode (surfacing as `CallFailed`, not a mis-derived key).

Reviewer: **"an unmodeled field fails the decode" is half right — I tested it.**

This sentence is inherited from the proxy's own source comment (`lib.rs`: *"An unmodeled future field or key variant fails the decode (fail-closed), which the caller sees as a `CallFailed` rather than a mis-derived key"*), so the skill is faithfully reporting upstream. But upstream's claim doesn't hold for the record-field half. Round-tripped against `candid 0.10` with the proxy's exact struct shapes:

```
A extra record field the proxy does not model -> DECODE OK (silently dropped on re-encode)
B unknown variant tag                          -> DECODE FAILED (fail-closed)
C misnamed field                               -> DECODE FAILED (fail-closed)
```

Candid record *width subtyping* means a wire record may carry more fields than the expected type; the decoder skips them, and the proxy's re-encode then drops them. Only variants fail closed (the expected type must cover the wire's tag), which is why B and C behave as advertised.

The **actionable advice is correct** — the mistakes an agent actually makes here are a misnamed or omitted field and a wrong variant tag, and all of those do fail closed with `CallFailed`. It's the stated mechanism that over-promises. Suggested minimum edit:

```suggestion
**Worked example — ECDSA, Motoko.** Declare the management-canister types yourself; field names and variant tags must match the candid interface exactly, because the proxy decodes and re-encodes the blob and a missing or misnamed field — or an unknown variant tag — fails the decode (surfacing as `CallFailed`, not a mis-derived key). A field the proxy does not model is not caught: candid's record subtyping skips it on decode and the re-encode drops it.
```

Worth passing to the control-panel team separately, since the fail-closed assumption is theirs: if the management canister *gains* a field, the proxy silently strips it rather than failing — which is precisely the mis-derivation the comment says cannot happen.

Author: Applied your suggested wording verbatim in a734022: fail-closed is now scoped to missing or misnamed fields and unknown variant tags, with the width-subtyping gap named. The upstream fail-closed assumption is queued to be raised on control-panel separately.
